(docs:#1203) - Updates the documentation for feedback spa & microservice. (#978)
1-Platform/one-platform: packages/documentation-spa/docs/microservices/feedback/feedback-service.md

title: Feedback Service
sidebar_label: Feedback Service
---

## Developers

### Component Contributors

1. Rigin Oommen - [roommen@redhat.com](mailto:roommen@redhat.com) - [riginoommen (Rigin Oommen) · GitHub](https://github.com/riginoommen)

## Getting Started

> Feedback Microservice is one of the major pillar of one platform ecosystem. This enables the support to share the feedback with the project management tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feedback Microservice is one of the major pillar of One Platform ecosystem. This enables the support to share the feedback with the project management tools.
```

#### Integrations Supported
 * Jira
 * GitLab
 * GitHub

## Usage

### Introduction

> Feedback microservice is built using NodeJS. This interface collects the data from graphql API and opens request with project management tools which is mentioned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feedback microservice is built using NodeJS. This interface collects the data from GraphQL API and interacts with the project management tool provided in the configuration.
```

Author: Updated

eg: http://localhost:8080/graphql

### Build

1. [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org/) is used for the build system in the microservices.
2. Run npm build:dev to generate a build for dev env and npm build for production build.

### Testing

1. For testing microservice with [supertest](https://www.npmjs.com/package/supertest) with the preconfigured settings.
2. Test related environment configurations are present in .test.env under the e2e folder.
3. Execute the command for testing.

```sh
npm run test
```

## API References

In the GraphQL GET Operations are defined as Queries and POST/PUT/PATCH operations are defined as Mutations.

### Queries
#### List all Feedbacks

- Operation Name - ListFeedbacks

Example Query
```bash
query ListFeedbacks {
  listFeedbacks {
    _id
    summary
    description
    experience
    error
    config
    state
    ticketUrl
    category
    source
    module
    assignee{
      name
      uid
      email
    }
    createdOn
    createdBy {
      name
      uid
      email
    }
    updatedOn
    updatedBy {
      name
      uid
    }
  }
}
```
@@### List Feedback

- Operation Name - ListFeedback
- Variables - ```_id```

Example Query

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```graphql
```

Author: AFAIK there is no official support for markdown in graphql

query ListFeedbacks($_id: ID!) {
  listFeedback(_id: $_id) {
    _id
    summary
    description
    experience
    error
    config
    state
    ticketUrl
    category
    source
    module
    assignee{
      name
      uid
      email
    }
    createdOn
    createdBy {
      name
      uid
      email
    }
    updatedOn
    updatedBy {
      name
      uid
    }
  }
}
```

### Mutations
#### Create feedback
1. Create new feedback to database and open the ticket accordingly.

- Operation Name - CreateFeedback

- Variables - _FeedbackInput_

Example Mutation

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```graphql
```

Author: AFAIK there is no official support for markdown in graphql

mutation CreateFeedback($input: FeedbackInput!) {
  createFeedback(input: $input) {
    _id
    ticketUrl
  }
}
```
#### Update feedback

- Operation Name - UpdateFeedback
- Variables - _FeedbackInput_

Example Mutation

```bash
mutation UpdateFeedback($input: FeedbackInput!) {
  updateFeedback(input: $input) {
    _id
    summary
    description
    experience
  }
}
```
#### Delete feedback

- Operation Name - DeleteFeedback
- Variables - __id_

Example Mutation

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```graphql
```

Author: AFAIK there is no official markdown support for graphql

mutation UpdateFeedback($input: FeedbackInput!) {
  updateFeedback(input: $input) {
    _id
    summary
    description
    experience
  }
}
```

#### Update feedback search index

- Operation Name - UpdateFeedbackIndex

Example Mutation

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```graphql
```

Author: AFAIK there is no official support for markdown in graphql
